I have seen all the designs of heating since I started
His entry this time
It continues his previous design style
The design is more mature and atmospheric
A person's design level
May change over time
Change but the design style does not
I'm pretty sure.
This is Gu Nuannuan's design.
You were caught and sentenced, what are you still arguing about?
Get out of the night market group obediently
There's no room for a piece of trash like you
Hmm, that's bad.
Linda caught the Lone Eagle this time
It's hard to say whether you can stay here or not
This world-weary, he doesn't want to stay any longer
How did you get into the world-weary you stinky plagiarist?
I really don't know what's going on
Just go.
Lead me to apply for viewing.
All the design drafts since Gu Nuannuan joined the job
What do you mean?
Could it be that you want to say
All his previous works were plagiarism
yours
Since the leader wants to see
Then show him all my work
You also let him die
Warm historical works
It's all plagiarized from my previous design drafts
No wonder such an empty-headed lady
Can easily become the design supervisor of Yan's Group
He dares to shoot me so fearlessly
historical works
It's confidence.
No one will believe you
Now he and everyone else believe in him
Even if I explain
It will only be regarded as a quibble
It's better to have nothing to say
Leader, if I can prove that I am not plagiarizing
Will you be fair and objective and return my innocence?
And allow me to participate in this competition
It's not that you plagiarized
That is Gu Nuannuan plagiarizing
Then all his previous works are also plagiarized
yours
I still say that
Everything depends on strength
If you can prove yourself
I will not forgive any plagiarist
Today at 2pm.
The competition officially opened
start
If you can't prove yourself before then
You will resign
And never set foot in the design world